---
date: 2014-10-24 21:00
title: Zombie Day
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags: 
 - George
 - Journal
---

Today started badly, well actually yesterday ended badly and ran into today!  It began at dinner for granny's birthday.  George was sick during dinner, then again on the way home. He seemed fine when we put him to bed at 2100, but just after 2200 he woke up crying with hives all over his belly. 3ml of piriton and a quick drive later we found ourselves at Neville Hall Hospital. George was really good considering, and after seeing half a dozen doctors and moving to Paediatrics, we were finally allowed to take him home. 

We arrived home just after 0400 this morning and George woke us 4 hours later. So, in zombie mode, I sorted out some Pesto salad for lunch and had paleo granola for breakfast (which is fantastic by the way!). I then headed to the pharmacy to pick up George's prescription before crawling my way into work for a remarkably unproductive 3/4 of a day. Just after I got in to work, Rosie phoned and informed me that it was my fault because my starter that I let George taste was made with peanuts! At least that means we don't have to find what else he uses allergic to though. 

In work, I think I achieved more on my own personal projects than actual work, but I did sort out the email to Brian Taylor (Axiom Solutions), and the scope of works for the Crown & Sceptre for Ensafe.

I got home to find Rosie and George passed out on the sofa so I sorted some of my stuff for the weekend before making a start on dinner. We had a bolognaise dish with egg fried cauliflower rice with loads of leftovers for tomorrow :-). 

Mark and Carolyn were running late this evening so I had time to sort out my kit, which was good and we left about 2145 and finally arrived at site just after midnight. 
