---
date: 2014-10-30 23:23:00
title: End of the 30 Day Challenge
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags: 
 - BGCBC
 - Challenge
 - Journal
 - Paleo
---

I couldn't get up again this morning so George dragged me out of bed just before 6. He was good as
gold whilst cooked up my breakfast and lunch, but he did poo his pants half way through. I think he
had a bit of a poorly belly, bless him! 

I didn't do any Chinese before leaving, but I did listen to the next lesson in the car on the way
in. As usual, bit of a slow start to the day, but I did have a call from Brian Newton before 9 to
discuss the Foresters Arms, Downend. I've decided to just agree to the chimney figure and be done
with it, but I will have to chase somebody about the cellar flap valuation. 

Dad & I met with Mark Harding from Blaenau Gwent CBC at Abertillery Library to focus some works 
here. I will have to sort the quote out for this asap.

Once I was back in the office, I did some calculations for the areas at the library and looked into
the Remmers System that is specified, before looking into Outlook Business Contact Manager &
Dynamics CRM. Before lunch mum asked me to sort out the latest Admiral QS checks for dad. After
lunch I continued looking at Business Contact Manager and sorted the Enterprise folder a bit more. I
also set up a [Hive] to see what it is.

On the way home, I decided to listen to [慢速中文][sc]{:lang='zh-cn'} (Slow Chinese) for a bit of a
change. 

Granny came for tea this evening (well actually she came to look after George whilst Rosie was
gardening, but she stayed for tea) which was really nice. Rosie managed to cook yet another stunning
Paleo dinner, Thai Green Curried Chicken & Buttered Veg, to find other my last day of the Paleo
Challenge. I have really enjoyed it so far, but I am looking forward to my bacon & sausage sandwich
in the morning :wink:.

It was also Ladies Night at Lollipops this evening so Rose went out just before George went to bed.
He was good as gold, although he did want to go to sleep on the sofa :smile: and I wouldn't let him
so he was a little disappointed. Once he was down, I set to the washing up whilst listening to the
next Assimil lesson. An hour and a half later and I was finally done so I sat down to review some of
my recent lessons before catching up on some YouTube videos. 

It was actually quite a relaxed evening and once we went to bed, George woke up and decided he would
like to sleep with us, it is brilliant!!

[sc]: //www.slow-chinese.com "慢速中文 Slow Chinese"
[Hive]: //hive.im "Hive Unlimited Cloud Storage"
