---
date: 2014-10-26 21:50:00
title: Portland Day 2
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags: 
 - Climbing
 - Journal
 - Portland
 - Scafell SASU
---

Day 2 started with an extra hour in bed :smile:. Sometimes, you really do have to love the clock
changes! We started the morning in much the same way as yesterday, except we also had to checkout of
the caravans so we decamped to the car and hoovered before moving off to the other caravan. Once
everyone was breakfasted and the keys were handed back in, we jumped in the cars to the next crag
for another great days climbing. This time we went to Cheyne Wear which is a collapsed cave system 
as the basis for the climbs we did today. Getting into the car park was a little interesting though
because the entrance was quite narrow and the posts were slightly bend inwards.

Once we got to the crag, we set up in two areas. One with some of the easier routes, and one with
some of the slightly more difficult routes (we all climbed in both areas, we just set up separately
to start). It was nice to be able to chat to some of the other guys today, although I climbed solely
with Mark.

These are the climbs I did:

|----------------------------------------------+-------+--------+---------------|
| Climb                                        | Grade | Style  | Partner       |
|:---------------------------------------------|:-----:|:------:|:--------------|
| Never Ignore a Pooh-Pooh                     | 2+    | L O/S  | Mark Charlton |
| A Ying and a Yang and a Yippiedeedoo         | 5c    | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
| Trust me I'm a Doctor                        | 3     | L O/S  | Mark Charlton |
| Crazy Old Hippies                            | 4c    | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
| Crowbar Assassin                             | 6a+   | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
| Die Screaming with Sharp Things in your Head | 5a    | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
| T-Muffhundred                                | 5a    | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
| Spring Nol                                   | 4c    | TR O/S | Mark Charlton |
|----------------------------------------------+-------+--------+---------------|
{: .pure-table .pure-table-striped }

As most of us had long journeys ahead of us, we decided to call it a day at about 1400. Before
leaving, however, we decided it would be a good idea to head down to Portland Bill and get a group 
photograph with the lighthouse. It was really windy, but good fun. Mark and I left the rest of the
group in The Heights where they were going to have another cream tea before going home. Mark and I
wanted to see George before he went to bed so we were on the road by about 1445 and home by 1715.

Rosie served up an awesome Paleo friendly roast dinner for the 5 of us, then it was time to say
goodbye to Mark & Carolyn. Thankfully Mark was no longer planning to drive all the way back to the
Extreme North this evening, he was going to stop in with Carolyn. That made us all feel a little
better. 

After George went to bed, Rosie & I had a bit of a chilled out evening. I only ironed a single shirt
for work and then we sat and watched TV before bed.

It was a great weekend all in all, and I think I will be joining the bunch from Scafell SASU asap so
I can properly get back into climbing and keep my hand in with Scouts too :smiley:

*[L O/S]: Lead, Clean Onsight
*[L β]: Lead, Clean with Beta
*[L G/U]: Lead, Clean, Ground Up
*[L rpt]: Lead, Clean, No Falls, Repeat
*[L dog]: Lead, with falls/rests
*[TR O/S]: Top Rope, Clean Onsight
*[TR β]: Top Rope, Clean with Beta
*[TR G/U]: Top Rope, Clean, Ground Up
*[TR rpt]: Top Rope, Clean, No Falls, Repeat
*[TR dog]: Top Rope, with falls/rests
*[dnf]: Did not finish
*[SASU]: Scout Active Support Unit