---
date: 2014-10-25 23:58:00
title: Portland Day 1
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags: 
 - Climbing
 - Journal
 - Portland
 - Scafell SASU
---

After a fairly late arrival last night, we had a relaxed morning getting up at 0730. I had my paleo
granola in the caravan before we moved over to the other caravan to meet everyone else for breakfast.
I finally met the group I would be climbing with for the next day and a half and they all seemed to
be the usual bunch of half crazed nutters that you expect to find in Scouting and climbing circles
:wink:.

I chose to wear my Vibrams this weekend as a kind of ultimate test so I had to explain them to a few
of the guys who were curious, but it was a good ice breaker. Once breakfast was out the way, we
hopped into two cars for the journey into Portland to find a good crag to climb. We went to The
Cuttings because it was sheltered and had a good selection of routes to cater to everybody in the
group. Mark & I were both a little apprehensive because I hadn't climbed in years, and Mark has
never lead a climb in his life, but we soon got into it and had a fantastic day. 

These are the climbs I did:

|---------------------+-------+--------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------|
| Climb               | Grade | Style  | Partner       | Comments                                        |
|:--------------------|:-----:|:------:|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------|
| Voices in the Bower | 3     | L O/S  | Mark Charlton | Scrappy                                         |
| Time Out of Mind    | 5a    | TR dog | Ant Brown     | Scrappy                                         |
| Up the junction     | 6b    | TR dog | Rebecca Neal  | Scrappy, hanging around a lot, but I did it!    |
| Sun trap            | 3     | L O/S  | Mark Charlton | Getting better                                  |
| Tinkerbell          | 5c    | TR dog | Neil Mycock   | Slippery start                                  |
| The Bumper Fun Book | 4a    | L O/S  | Ant Brown     | Took a while because I couldn't/wouldn't commit |
| Godbeams            | 4a    | TR O/S | Mark Batsford | Much smoother                                   |
|---------------------+-------+--------+---------------+-------------------------------------------------|
{: .pure-table .pure-table-striped }

All in all, it was a great day, and it was really nice to be welcomed by the Scafell SASU team
:smiley:. We finished the day at The Heights caf&eacute; for a cream tea (obviously not for me
because of the paleo thing, but you know what I mean). It was a very pleasant, if slightly expensive
place for cream tea, but we crashed there for nearly an hour before heading back to the site for 
dinner.

It was leftovers for me this evening, so it was nice and easy. Whilst we waited for the hoards to
arrive from the other caravan, we settled into watching Limitless, but were rudely interrupted about
an hour into it. We then chilled for the rest of the evening with the of the group, getting to know
each other a little better before retiring to bed around midnight.

*[L O/S]: Lead, Clean Onsight
*[L β]: Lead, Clean with Beta
*[L G/U]: Lead, Clean, Ground Up
*[L rpt]: Lead, Clean, No Falls, Repeat
*[L dog]: Lead, with falls/rests
*[TR O/S]: Top Rope, Clean Onsight
*[TR β]: Top Rope, Clean with Beta
*[TR G/U]: Top Rope, Clean, Ground Up
*[TR rpt]: Top Rope, Clean, No Falls, Repeat
*[TR dog]: Top Rope, with falls/rests
*[dnf]: Did not finish
*[SASU]: Scout Active Support Unit