---
date: 2014-11-06 22:18:34+00:00
title: Thursday
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - BGCBC
 - CCBC
---

Thursday morning dawned heavily for me. Just to keep the theme going, I struggled with getting up 
again. If it wasn't for George, I'm not sure I would still have a job! I did, however, manage to get
into work at a vaguely reasonable time so no harm done. This morning I had a meeting with TPS360
who are the specialists looking at the Abertillery Library project. He had a very odd accent. It
sounded like he was originally South African, but with a strong Welsh twang. It was definitely the
strangest accent I have heard in a while. It was kind of a nothing meeting because he had been given
bad information from Remmers about what it was he would be looking at. He was expecting a much
larger area of work that was more complicated. I then ran through with him the information received
from the client and he confirmed what I already thought, that is not what you want. He said the
system specified would cost £5-6k for the 17m2 area and would be massive overkill. I asked him to
price up what he thought would be a suitable system.

On the way back to the office, I tried to speak to the Client, but to no avail, so instead I spoke
to the subbies involved in the Senghenydd job and arranged a meeting up there for tomorrow morning
so we can get prices and confirm the measures. Back in the office, I explained what I had sorted out
to Alex so that he could be prepared. I had a quick look over the job, but I'm not really sure what
else I did today. Couldn't have been that important :wink:.

When I got home, I made the decision to skip running because my thighs were still aching a little &
I generally felt like crap. I thought maybe I could get some Chinese done before cuddling up with
Rosie to watch something on tele. However, Rosie was feeling a little down too so we sacked off
everything and just chilled out on the sofa and watched the last two episodes of Numb3rs.

I think it was a good day today generally, but as I can't seem to work out exactly what I did, I
could be wrong.