---
date: 2014-11-05 22:23:01+00:00
title: IT Support
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Date Night
 - IT
 - Journal
 - QMS
---

Bit of a struggle to start the day again today, my legs are aching even more, I'm tired and George
was full of beans. I managed to sort out my breakfast, defrost some stew and get out the door at a
reasonable time, but I really wasn't feeling it this morning, especially with the temperature drop
we are currently experiencing.

Work was hard today. I began the day looking at Julie's machine to see whether the update to SP1 had
actually worked. This led to the need to update 'Windows Update', which led onto the realisation
that there were actually 113 updates required that had been missed by the crappy system. I really do
hate the niggly problems we seem to be getting with our machine's of late! Once all the updates had
downloaded and been applied, the computer then lost the trust relationship with the domain giving me
another headache! I eventually managed to get the machine fully operational just after lunch. What a
bloody nuisance! 

In between IT support work, I started working on the design for the folder structure I intend to
adopt on the network as part of the implementation of a Quality Management System. This was a lot 
more difficult than I had first expected. There are so many different facets to the business that I
had not necessarily considered previously. There is also all the additional things we need to
include, like 'Business Planning', or scanned copies of files that do not need to be kept in hard
copy etc.

As has been my way recently, I also did a little bit more tweaking to my personal website in an
effort to eventually do away with the Nitrous.io instance as a middle man (I won't be moving away
from Nitrous, but it would be nice to simply use it as a cloud IDE without relying on it for
generating my site prior to publishing). Other than that, I didn't really get a lot else done today
:disappointed:

The evening, however, was much better :smiley:. George was really excited to see me when I got home
so I got lots of cuddles (which is always awesome!) and we had Date Night for the first time in ages!
After George had had a bath and gone to bed, we ordered an Indian Takeaway from Aahar and settled in
to watch 'V for Vendetta' (well, it is 5th November :wink:), cuddled up in the corner of the sofa.
Just like the good old days, Rosie fell asleep on me whilst we were watching the film, but it was
really nice, and the film is great! So my crappy day was made brilliant by a wonderful evening with
the family :smile:.