---
date: 2014-11-16 22:30:00+00:00
title: The Tesla Saloon
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - Bowling
 - F&B
 - Tesla
---

Another really good day today :smiley:. We had planned on meeting up with Emma & Rob at Cribbs
because we haven't seen them in ages. When we got there, we met Emma & Kev (Toxic). It was actually
really nice to catch up with Kev. We haven't really seen in much in the last few years since he met
his girlfriend, got married and is now getting divorced. It was good to see him smiling and 
enjoying himself given the circumstances he currently finds himself in.

Whilst at Cribbs, we saw a new display, the Tesla Saloon. So they are finally selling it in the UK!
Brilliant! I know we cannot afford one, but I really wanted to actually have a look at a real one,
in the flesh. It is a beautiful car with a lot more leg room than I originally thought, and it has
two car seats in the boot. It really is an actual useable car for a family, but the base price is
£50k and ideally you need to spend £70k to get a half decent car. Maybe we'll have to wait a few
years before getting one :wink:.

We made the decision to go bowling and had a blast. George was loving the train ride that was in the
entrance and we spent most of our time nipping back and fore between "Driver Dan's Story Train" and
the lane so we could actually do a bit of bowling, before going to Frankie & Bennie's for dinner. To
start with the service was excellent, our orders were taken promptly, food was delivered and cleared
promptly and then, our waitress finished her shift. Things started to go downhill after that. The
waiter that took over seemed completely uninterested in dealing with customers so he was a bit taken
aback when I asked him if there was anyone actually serving in our area. Because of the terrible
service at the end of the meal, we skipped dessert and made sure not to leave a tip!

It was good to catch up with the three of them, especially Kev, because we haven't seen them a lot
recently and it was a good end to what could have been a difficult weekend. We haven't always had 
the most fun evenings with Emma and Rob due to them being a little doom & gloom at times, but
everyone seemed to be in a good mood today and everything was good :smile:.

Looking forward to seeing them again soon, hopefully.