---
date: 2014-11-08 22:46:22+00:00
title: Family Day
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Christmas
 - Family
 - Journal
 - Lollipops
 - Presents
---

My turn for a lie in again this morning :smile: so I didn't get up until 0830. The plan for today
was to try to get Diesel's paw print, and George's hand print onto a clock for Mum for Christmas.
However, we knew that Diesel was not allowed into the shop and it was absolutely chucking it down!
We had an email from Ceri (shop owner) saying that she was concerned that we wouldn't be able to do
it because of the weather. Rosie had the idea that we could bring get George's print done at the
shop and then print the paints home to do Diesel's print in our kitchen. Brilliant we thought, not
quite what we wanted but a passable solution to a potentially awkward problem. We let Rach & Rich
know the revised plan and they thought that would be good because it would be difficult for them to
get there on time.

As the morning wore on, we were getting things sorted out to go out and Rosie was getting more and 
more angry and we ended up having a blazing row in the car whilst trying to get George to sleep. It
was horrible and I never want to argue like that again! We arrived at the boating lake just after
George went to sleep and Rosie walked off to calm down and give George the chance to have some sleep
before we got to the shop. I was very upset, but I couldn't really do anything about it :cry:. 

We had a talk in the car before heading off to the shop and agreed to put the argument behind us and
try to work out the issues before it gets to that point next time. We met Rach & Rich in Morrison's
car park and told them where to park before going to the shop. The weather had significantly
improved so thankfully we were able to get both the prints done by Ceri at the shop :smile: making
life a lot easier. Especially considering Mum was under the impression that we had gone out for
lunch. Once the prints were done, decisions made and money paid, we went into town for some lunch.
Gregg's Festive Bake and Costa's Christmas drinks are definitely the way forward :smiley:.

We went to Mum's once we were finished in town to talk to them about going out for dinner at the
Sawyers Bar, Magor. THey thought it was a great idea so that was what we did. Firstly, we stashed
Rich & Rach's trailer of wood on our drive behind my car then jumped into 2 cars to go to Magor. The
food was fantastic and the service was amazing. I ordered a bottomless Pepsi and as soon as I was
finished, another was brought! I was dead impressed and I think more places should pay this amount
of attention to their customers.

George passed out in the car on the way home, as expected, but he didn't even wake as Rosie
undressed him, put a nappy on him and got him into bed! Rich and I then tried to get the trailer
hitched back up to the car so we would be able to get the car loaded in the morning. However, no
sooner had Richard started to pull away, but the trailer unhitched, rolled down our drive and
crashed into Pete's fence, bending the gate post and breaking a couple of the fence uprights
:anguished:. Pete was ok about it, thankfully, so we rehitched the trailer making doubly sure it was
properly connected this time and retired to the house. We finished the evening watching the last Dr
Who of the series. A very confusing ending, so we're really looking forward to the Christmas special
and the next series to see if they will sort everything out!

It was a good day in the end, considering how badly it started.