---
title: Round Off Back!!
author: richard
lang: en-gb
tags:
  - Journal
  - Freerunning
  - VGA
---

I did it, I finally did it!!! This evening, I got the balls to actually due a round off back tuck on
the floor, no mats, no foam pit, just the gymnastic floor! It is ridiculous how good I feel about it
considering I have been able to backflip for so long, but I guess that is why it is such an
accomplishment. I have not been able to complete this move, because of fear, for absolutely ages and
now I have conquered the fear and got it down. I think this may be my new go to move for a little
while :grinning:.

That wasn't the only thing I achieved today, but it was by far the most exciting for me :smiley:. We
also managed to clear away the walls we knocked down yesterday. The garden now looks pretty wierd
with an odd stack of soil in the middle, but it means we are one step closer, and that is all that
matters. All I need to do now is grub up the last bits of wall and the foundations and we can spread
the soil out. Obviously we will need to add some fresh topsoil before laying the turf, but things
are definitely looking up with regards to the garden :smiley:.

Whilst mentioning my succes with the round off back, I should have mentioned that I also managed to
land numerous sideflips :smiley:, a couple of standing fronts :smiley: and a front full twist into
the foam pit (ok, so I only landed it once, but I bloody landed it and that's what counts 
:grinning:).

I also finished off my Hacking Chinese reading challenge today. Not quite as successful as
everything else, but I'm very pleased with it. I managed to complete just over 4 hours of reading in
the 3 weeks, but although my target was 5 hours, I am incredibly pleased with the progress I have
seen. I will definitely be continuing the reading as it has seen the single greatest improvement in
my Mandarin since I started learning in 2009. It is much more effective for learning characters than
using Anki or Memrise (although I will continue using these as supplementary learning tools). This
challenge has definitely been an eye opener for me, so thank you Olle Linge (Hacking Chinese)!