---
date: 2014-11-10 22:13:41+00:00
title: Croes Llywarch
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - CCBC
 - Cold
 - Sherlock
---

I have been seconded by the old man today to visit a job with him. The job sounds like a bit of a
disaster all in all. It is a new house that was nearing completion towards the end of last year/the
beginning of this, but then there was a fire and a large proportion of the property was badly
damaged by the fire, and the water from the fire brigade. The site was cleared and works began, but
the roof was screwed up by the initial contractor. A QS that we once used for pricing up a council
job, was brought in to oversee the commercial elements of the insurance works. After 5 months, it
seems that he has done absolutely nothing other than invoice the client to the tune of over Â£100k.
I fail to see how anyone can justify that kind of money for carrying out that role on this project
through to completion, let alone through to almost nothing done to date!!!

Anyway, it was a very interesting project to look at. The house is obscenely big, with foundation
already laid for another extension in the future. We have been asked to look at the roof insulation,
wall linings, skimming, MF ceilings and floor screeding and it should be a fairly nice job to do if
we get it. The guy looking after the project on site is an old friend of dad's and an ex employee of
CP so we may be in with a shot :smile:. My job initially is going to be producing a schedule of
works and splitting the works up into packages for subbies to price. The meeting on site took 
altogether too long because the guy can talk for Britain. He was reminiscing about the old days with
dad, discussing all the crap that has happened to him over the years, and the disaster that was this
project to date. All the while, I was getting colder and colder because I could not find my big coat
this morning (turns out it was at mums house!). 

After lunch, I got stuck into the Senghenydd job. I wanted to get the bricks and copings ordered so
I needed to calculate the number of each type of brick. Not as simple a matter as I first thought.
The blue bricks needed to be calculated to fit to the fall of the pavement, which was no big deal,
but the bullnose bricks needed for all the corners and ends proved a lot more difficult than they
should have been. I think I finally got the right answer and then I sent dad down to Jewsons with
the drawing and quants to sort that one out. Buck nicely passed! 

It was also swimming this evening, so I met Rosie & George at the pool for a mediocre session.
George was very tired and not really in the mood to be fair to him, so he spent a lot of time
wanting cuddles. I tried to be obliging because, let's face it, I enjoy cuddles! But I also tried to
make sure George got some benefit from the lesson. As it is viewing week, Rosie watched and she was
really impressed with him. He did actually do really well when he participated so I guess I can't
complain.

The evening was fairly relaxed because both Rosie & I felt pretty tired too. I ironed my shirts and
we watched the first episode of Sherlock. It was absolutely brilliant and I think I'm going to read
Sherlock Holmes next :smile: