---
date: 2014-11-01 23:59:00
title: Epic Efforts 
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Garden
 - Journal
 - Sold
 - 中文
---

George managed to sleep quite a bit longer this morning so I had an awesome lie in to 0645! We then
went downstairs to watch Tree-Fu Tom like I promised last night. George and I cuddled up on the sofa
and I read the Fluent in 3 Months newsletter whilst watching. There was a link to Peppa Pig in
Chinese and I thought this might be interesting. I showed it to George on my phone and he
immediately wanted to see it 'big'. We then proceeded to watch 3 or 4 episodes of it before George
noticed another cartoon with trucks in it advertised between episodes. I turned it on to find it was
in Ukrainian! George loved it so I left him to it whilst I sorted out my tea.

After we had watched a few episodes, I woke Rose up and sorted out a very non-paleo breakfast, pain
au chocolat and croissants :smiley:. Then our busy day began. Firstly, a couple arrived to collect
the little sofa from the spare room, then we got stuck into the gardening (or at least work in the
garden). The plan was to collapse the greenhouse frame, get the bulk of the slate bagged up and up
to Granny's, and redistribute the top soil out of the bed ready to collapse that. Well we actually
managed to collapse the greenhouse, shift all of the slate, although 20 bags and a wheelbarrow full
are still on the drive, and redistribute all the topsoil just in time for night to arrive.

It was an incredibly productive day all in all :smile:. With all the hard work we did during the day
we felt the evening was going to be a time to chill, but I wanted to get some Chinese done. After 
George was put to bed, I sat down to go through the latest lesson from Assimil and the first lesson
of the New Practical Chinese Reader. I think this is going to be a very good course if I can get 
into the habit of using it! 