---
date: 2014-11-22 22:30:00+00:00
title: New Parkrun PB
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - Waterloo Hotel
 - Parkrun
 - Running
---

This weekend was due to be a fairly calm weekend with only a couple of commitments, but we didn't
really get off to a good start. George was supposed to be having his flu jab this morning. I got up
with him and after playing with him for an hour or so it became abundantly clear that there was
absolutely no point going because he was snotting like a trooper and the jab is actually a nasal
spray for kids. I guess that made life easier, but we couldn't get hold of the surgery so, hopefully
they weren't sat around waiting for him at the end of the clinic. As George was not up for his flu
vaccine, there was a little more time this morning so I decided to join the hoardes at the first
birthday of Pontypool Parkrun. Not only that, but I actually got a PB :smiley: finishing in a time
of 21:23 taking a total of 15 seconds of my previous best. I was well chuffed, especially
considering I wasn't really feeling it at the time and didn't feel like it had gone particularly
well. 

I then got to spend some quality time with a sleeping George in the car whilst Rosie sorted out the
shopping that we needed. He is very cute when he's sleeping, especially when he is wearing a Blue's
Brother hat :smiley:. As it was such a lovely day, we had planned to go out somewhere in the
afternoon once Mark & Carolyn arrived, however, as time went on, we became less optimistic about
this possibility. At 1630, Rosie text them to find out they would not be arriving until about
1830-1900! Neither of us was particularly impressed by this, but at least we had managed to get a 
number of things sorted around the house. It wasn't particularly good for George though, so I wish
they could have told us sooner! 

The evening was much better. Rosie & I ignored the fact that we had kinda been left in the lurch
because at the end of the day, they are our best friends and we didn't want to spoil what should
have been a lovely evening. Cerys arrived just in time to help us put George to bed and once M&C had
arrived, we headed off to the Waterloo Hotel for dinner. It was stunning and we had a lovely evening
as expected. My sole reason for choosing the place was so that I could try to peanut butter
cheesecake off the Christmas Menu so then I chose the other courses to suit the dessert (definitely
the best way of planning your food in my not so humble opinion! :wink:). We also introduced Carolyn
to the Transporter Bridge whilst we were there. A very good evening had by all as far as I could
tell :smiley:.