---
date: 2014-11-21 22:30:00+00:00
title: 
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
---

So I haven't quite got the hang of this keeping a journal thing, but I may do eventually :smiley:.
It's Friday again, so bacon rolls were on the cards again, but this time, Lisa introduced a new
element to the day by phoning up offering Egg McMuffins on her way in. I still don't think I could
manage an Egg McMuffin, even though I now have a taste for eggs so declined with my sole focus being
the bacon & sausage sandwich due at around 1000. It was a slow start to the day, what with me
struggling so much to get out of bed, then getting to work late and then just generally feeling a
little lousy generally. 

I finally got a price back from the ceiling man for Croes Llywarch, but I still cannot understand
why people struggle so much with a simple schedule of works. I wanted a price for each of the items
on the schedule. Not hard, or so I thought. Instead I got a couple of lump sum prices loosely based
on the schedule and not including everything. This time however, I now have it all so I sent off the
price for the basement works and a price for my time putting together a Schedule of Works.

The tedium of the day really got to me and I struggled to focus on things. I finished up some of my
missing journal entries, looked up loads of crap on Pinterest and failed to really get a lot of work
done, so I'm not really too impressed with myself. Nevermind, I will blame it on lack of sleep and
try harder next week :disappointed:.