---
date: 2014-11-11 23:22:56+00:00
title: Introducing a Fixed Time Schedule to my Work Day
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - CRC
 - Running
 - Schedule
---

I am definitely struggling with this start as you mean to go on thing! I said last week that I would
be more committed to getting my lazy ass out of bed in the mornings so that I can do a little bit of
Chinese and some exercise before going to work on time. It is Tuesday and yet again I failed to get
up until George dragged me out of bed :disappointed:. It is therefore my intention, going forward,
that I will achieve this feat once this week. That is my only requirement, I'm starting small in the
hope that I can achieve it :smile:, then next week I want to do it at least twice. Wish me luck!

After a rushed breakfast of omelette and veg, I headed into work with the aim of starting to put
into practice a more fixed schedule to try to improve my productivity in work. There were a number
of teething problems that I will work out over the coming weeks, but generally I think it helped. I
am gradually removing bad habits from my work day to try to help this. I finished putting together a
general fixed time schedule for the week which includes 3 periods for looking at email per day. That
should be more than enough, but I will have to leave Outlook open because it takes too long for it
to run it's startup protocols. I have then planned to do valuations and final accounts straight
after lunch every day except Friday. I've included half an hour everyday for the inevitable IT
support function I currently carry out. Then, there are four periods for carrying out non job
specific functions including:

 * CP Website;
 * CP Databases;
 * Business Development (this is to include all manner of things related to improving the business).

It worked out fairly well today, although I struggled with some of the timings and some things moved
to other slots, but with a few tweaks and some time to get used to it, I think it will be a benefit
to me.

I mostly worked on Croes Llywarch today, so tomorrow I will have to get back into Senghenydd to make
sure it actually gets started properly.

This evening I went running with CRC. The weather was atrocious on the drive over, but as we started
it stopped :smile:. It was the Frechfa Frolic this evening, so a nice easy, long run, however I was
not on top form this evening. It took me over 3 miles to get warmed up to it. It was only after we
turned around at the dual carriageway that I started to feel comfortable again and started to run
properly. By the time we got half way back, the rain had started again and just after I got back to
the Uni, it started really heavily. I was glad I finished when I did!

When I got home, I pigged out on the remains of Graham's birthday cake whilst watching the next
episode of Sherlock with Rosie. Turns out each episode is 90 minutes! Oops, another late night it is
then. Maybe we'll get an early night tomorrow so we can actually get a little bit caught up on our
sleep.