---
date: 2014-11-14 22:14:22+00:00
title: Sherlock Holmes in Mandarin
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - BGCBC
 - Graded Reader
---

Today was a good day all in all, I had a lot of fun with George, both this morning and after work
and I also actualy had a good day in work. As it's Friday, the day started well with bacon rolls
soon after our management meeting (that didn't happen again, I'm not sure having a repeating event
in the calendar is actually worth doing because everyone gets complacent about it). I then managed
to sort out the quote for St Illtyd's Church and went through all the ISO 9001 documentation. It was
surprisingly interesting, and I found some useful guidance notes on the ISO website that should come
in handy during implementation.

The plan was to finish off the software upgrades for the NAS at home, but you know how it is, I
really couldn't be arsed! Instead I chilled out with Rosie & George for the evening. One thing I did
manage to do though, was find a good looking series of Chinese Graded Readers called 
[Mandarin Companion][mc] on Amazon that are available for Kindle :smiley: and they're only £5 each.
Following on from our recent foray into Sherlock on Netflix, I thought it would be appropriate to
get the Sherlock Holmes one first. It looks really good and a great first step into reading proper
books in Chinese, but unfortunately I also found out that you cannot get a Chinese - English
Dictionary for the Kindle without a bit of effort. However, on the Kindle app on my phone, it was a
simple download so for now I will use the Kindle app to read the book, or maybe I will input it into
LWT until I have a sufficient vocabulary to actually read the thing without the added support.
Anyway, I think it was a great find, and hopefully will help me to further my Chinese studies in the
coming months :smiley:.


[mc]: //mandarincompanion.com/ "Mandarin Companion Graded Readers"