---
date: 2014-11-07 21:54:10+00:00
title: "Wet & Miserable"
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - CCBC
 - "Amy & Ellie"
 - NPCR
---

Up late again this morning. I really seem to be struggling at the moment, but I'm going to try
harder to get up with the alarm next week. It's bacon roll day today so I'm quite happy to be going
to work :smiley:, also Rosie's coming in for a bit too :smiley: so a funky good start to the day.
After that it rapidly went downhill. I had a meeting with the bricky in Senghenydd, unfortunately
the weather was horrendous! Alex and I were very wet and cold when we left, but at least we finally
got it sorted.

I then had a call from the Remmers installer to say they were pulling out of the tender for
Abertillery Library because they didn't think the system would work on this occasion. Brilliant!
What am I going to do now?!? 

Anyway, the rest of the day didn't get any worse, and I managed to find the second NPCR book and
audio available for free download :smile:. Ok, so maybe I should have been working, but I lost all
motivation after lunch so I did some hunting for Chinese Resources, and left early because it's
Friday.

I got home to find Amy, Ellie and George decorating Graham's birthday cake ready for Sunday. It was
looking a little tired having been attacked by a toddler and two young girls, but by the time they
were done, it was brilliant (at least in my opinion, I don't think Rosie was quite so impressed).
I then had playtime with George and the girls, we did some gymnastics and I threw Ellie around a lot
and when it came time for them to leave, Ellie had a bit of a hissy fit. We said to Cerys that she
could leave her with us whilst she did her shopping and that made Ellie's year I think. Eventually
though, it was time to go and she got really upset again. Sorry Ellie, but you can't stay with us!
I do like having Ellie around for short stints because she is a cute kid and her & George get on
really well, but it is nice to sent her home!

Both Rosie & I were really tired this evening, so I did the exercises from Chapter 1 of the NPCR
workbook and we chilled out to watch Gotham before retiring.

[NPCR]: New Practical Chinese Reader