---
title: Vacant Expressions
author: richard 
lang: en-gb
tags:
 - Journal
 - BGCBC
 - Running
---

The day started out brilliantly I think. I got up as soon as my main alarm went off, got dressed and
headed downstairs for my Monday morning run. I opened the front door to find that the world was once
again a winter wonderland :smiley: (i.e. there was a little frost on the cars) meaning this could be
a little chilly. Regardless of this, I made sure I had my gloves and hat and just went for it. It
turned out to be a brilliant run, fresh, quiet and invigorating. By the time I got back to the house
I was feeling great.

In the house, I could here George chattering away upstairs, and as soon as he realised I had walked
in he shouted for me :grinning:. It always warms my heart when George is excited to see me! Rosie
was a little bit put out because she didn't know I had gone. I knew I should have let her know
beforehand, but she looked so peaceful that I didn't want to disturb her.

After that, things went downhill a little. I spent ages faffing trying to get sorted for work and
didn't leave the house until 0740 making me just over 1/2 hour late for work. Once I was there, I
struggled to concentrate and flicked from one thing to another not really achieving anything. I
think I may have needed a lot more sleep than I realised (it was at this point that I thought an
early night may be on the cards). I did manage to get the tender over the BGCBC for Abertillery
Library, but I feel that that was a bit of a waste of time. I cannot see us getting the work,
especially considering the tone of his last email to me. We also had the wonderful news that the
nursing home flooring is still causing problems and it seems that this is never going to go
away...ever! 

Anyway, it was swimming this afternoon so that was something to look forward to and, although Geroge
was a little reluctant at times, he was brilliant and seemed to really enjoy himself. It certainly
cheered me up anyway. We also managed to have a good laugh in the changing room whilst getting his
sorted so things were definitely looking up :smiley:!

After yesterday's exciting cliffhanger to season 2 of Sherlock, I managed to get episode 1 of season
3 downloaded to watch this evening (although it is in the wrong format so we have had to hook up the
laptop to the tv to watch it) so that was the plan. We had a good relaxing evening watching that
whilst Rosie did some more drawing. She is really getting into it and seems to be enjoying herself.
I'm really glad she has finally found a hobby!

And now to bed :zzz: